[The Legend of Rosy Clouds]
[Episode 35]
The Dark Wolves are indeed
incredibly fast.
Let's set off immediately.
There is no time to rest.
Yes, Your Excellency.
Your Excellency?
He is actually the governor.
The whole Nine Cities knows
the relationship between
the governor and Fan Yun.
No wonder they are so close.
It seems that I've...
Fourth Lady Zheng.
There is something
I haven't had time to explain to you.
I
didn't mean to deceive you.
Because of my special status,
I couldn't make a high-profile visit
to Jing City.
I had to take on a different identity.
You don't have to explain it to me.
If I were you,
I would have done the same.
I just should have guessed it earlier.
Your Excellency.
If my granduncle
really did something
he shouldn't have done,
then he should be punished.
However, not everyone in Jing City
wants to stand against the Nine Cities.
I hope Your Excellency
will not harm the innocent.
The election for the clan leader
of the Zheng family
has started early.
Which brother do you support?
My eldest brother, Zheng Jin,
is a reckless man.
And my second brother, Zheng Shi,
is unpredictable.
Even my third brother has become
increasingly scheming in recent years.
No matter who becomes
the next clan leader,
the future of the Zheng family
is uncertain.
Have you
never considered yourself?
Me?
Yes.
My three brothers are fighting fiercely
for the position of the clan leader.
They have long torn away all pretense.
If I get involved too,
the Zheng family
will definitely fall apart.
The significance of the clan leader
is to unite the Zheng family,
gather the strength of the family,
and help the family prosper.
It is not meant to be
a tool for personal gain.
Our Master is determined
to go against the Nine Cities this time.
Our Zheng's Army has already lost
the ceremonial review this time.
At a time like this,
planning a rebellion
is nothing but a death wish.
My mother told me that
if Qi's Army really attacks,
I should run for my life.
Let's keep drinking.
Zheng Tao has made an enemy
of the Nine Cities.
His crimes are unforgivable.
Lay down your weapons now,
and I will spare your lives.
Forgive us, Your Excellency.
You know what's good for you.
Is your wound
going to be okay?
As long as you are here,
I won't die.
Tomorrow is the day
of the clan leader election.
Could I ask you
to comb my hair in the morning?
Why ask me to comb your hair?
You clearly have servants and maids.
On such an important day,
I want to ask someone important to me
to comb my hair
for good luck.
I don't know how to comb hair.
But if you are willing,
I can take you to the scene.
I'm sure you want to be there
to gather information and so on.
After all, the Zheng family's
clan leader election
will directly affect
the stability of the Nine Cities.
But...
I've never combed
anyone else's hair before.
If it looks ugly,
don't blame me.
I look forward to it.
Do you hope I'll be elected?
Can you guarantee
the stability of the Nine Cities?
I don't care about
the stability of the Nine Cities.
I'm done combing.
Are you okay?
It seems you still care about me.
I just wonder when
I will be able to drink
the tea brewed by your own hands,
Fan Yun.
I've combed your hair.
When can we leave?
Turning hostile before
even achieving your goal?
I'm not turning hostile.
You're the one who keeps stalling.
What,
are you worried I'd run away,
or did you never
intend to take me in the first place?
Prepare another set of servant's clothes.
Yes, sir.
[Magnificent and awe-inspiring]
Originally, Zheng Jin, Zheng Shi,
and Zheng Xian
were competing for
the position of clan leader.
But Zheng Shi
was utterly rebellious
and disregarded human ethics.
He murdered his older brother,
Zheng Jin.
This is too cruel.
Young Master Shi killed
Eldest Young Master?
How could Young Master Shi be so vicious?
I received the news
that Jin was murdered,
and immediately rushed back
to Jing City from Ling'an.
Poor me,
I didn't even get to see him
one last time.
In that case,
the position of clan leader
will be inherited by Xian.
I hope all the relatives here
will assist Xian well in the future
and revive the prestige
of the Zheng family.
But,
does he have the clan leader ring?
If he does,
we will naturally acknowledge him
as the new clan leader
of our Zheng family.
That's right.
Of course.
Our Zheng family
has always revered the clan leader ring.
Only the one who holds the ring
can become
the clan leader of our Zheng family.
Today,
I will bestow this ring
upon Xian,
to help him
take on the position of the clan leader.
Why are you in such a hurry?
Why didn't you wait for me?
You are already the clan leader.
You still have the nerve
to attend the election?
Why wouldn't I?
You say I killed Jin.
But where is the evidence?
Evidence?
You are audacious and reckless.
Have you forgotten
that there were others around
when you committed the murder?
Don't be afraid.
I was wrong that day.
I shouldn't have hit you so hard.
Let me see how your wound is healing.
You can't show it?
That means you are not injured.
If Zheng Xian isn't injured,
then he was lying just now.
The claim that I killed Jin
is completely unfounded.
But if you, Zheng Xian, killed him
and framed me,
it'd be a good move
to reap the benefits.
Nonsense!
The clan leader ring is in my hands now.
I am the clan leader of the Zheng family.
How dare you disrespect the clan leader?
Aren't you afraid that,
with a single order,
I'll have you punished
according to the clan rules?
The clan leader ring
has always been kept by the clan leader.
The previous clan leader
of the Zheng family
lived in Ling'an for a long time.
You guys probably
haven't seen much of him,
let alone know the secret of this ring.
Secret?
What secret?
Today, in front of all the relatives,
I will reveal the secret of this ring.
Hand it over.
The gemstone on the clan leader ring
is polished from a very rare
bloodstone in the world.
Not only is its color red like blood,
but if you press it hard enough,
it will also ooze a blood-like liquid.
Actually,
the clan leader ring
is also the token of the clan leader.
That is indeed true about this ring.
Zheng Xian.
You actually tried to get away
with a fake ring.
How
disheartening.
Where is the real ring now?
In my opinion,
having the ring or not
isn't the only criterion
for determining the clan leader.
It also depends on
his character and abilities.
That being said,
in any case,
Zheng Xian's actions
show that
he himself doesn't believe
he can lead the Zheng family
to resurgence.
If you ask me,
Young Master Shi
is definitely going to be the clan leader.
That's right.
We all choose Young Master Shi.
Enough!
Today's election
has become a farce.
Xian.
Grandfather.
Stop embarrassing yourself.
Let's go.
I appreciate your support, my relatives.
From now on,
I will inherit Grandfather's dying wish
and lead the Zheng family towards glory.
In 3 days,
please come to attend
my clan leader succession ceremony.
Alright.
If there's a chance,
could we meet in my dreams?
I really miss you, Grandfather.
This map is...
The defense map of Jing City
drawn for me by Juyun Pavilion.
With this map,
the military defense of Jing City
is clear at a glance.
Zheng Tao won't be able to play
any more tricks.
So you were prepared all along.
But you just became the clan leader.
Are you really going to go against
the whole Zheng family?
I am doing this
to protect the Zheng family.
The one trying to bring disgrace
upon the Zheng family
is Zheng Tao.
If he really rebels,
the whole Zheng family
will become the common enemy
of the Nine Cities.
By then, with internal
and external troubles,
the Zheng family will be wiped out.
Grandfather's spirit in heaven
won't be able to rest in peace that way.
Then why don't you
join hands with the governor?
If the governor really gets involved,
the Zheng family's rebellion
will be confirmed.
By then, everyone in the Zheng family
will bear the crime.
If I can nip this in the bud
before it happens,
the Zheng family can stand tall
and continue to survive
in the Nine Cities.
But I believe
the governor can handle this matter well.
I don't think so.
The Zheng family has kept to itself
for many years.
Qi Zheng is just showing his edge.
Whether it's incorporation or recapture,
the hardest thing to win over
is people's hearts.
Let him be.
I only care that
you probably
wouldn't want to marry a sinner.
You mean,
marry you?
Yeah.
Aren't we already engaged?
We should hold the ceremony soon.
At a time like this,
you still have the mood to joke around?
Lady Fan Yun.
Zheng Xi, you're back.
Shi...
Zheng Xi.
Where have you been these past two days?
I...
Zheng Xi,
how is it?
Did everything go smoothly on your end?
Second Brother,
I want to talk to Second Sister-in-Law
alone.
Okay.
When Liu Mu reported to me
that you had already led Qi's Army
to Jing City,
I was very pleased.
Your march this time
can be considered lightning fast.
Yan Jiang, you didn't get lost
leading the troops?
It seems you really are
suited to be a military general.
Why don't you
give up the pen for the sword
and be my deputy?
Why should I?
By the way,
how is Gao Ran
handling the political affairs?
Gao Ran is extremely diligent
and hardworking.
Every day, he reviews memorials
until late at night.
Moreover,
everything inside and outside
the Qi Residence
has been taken care of by him.
Are you implying that
when I was handling
the government affairs,
I was not diligent and hard-working?
No, I didn't mean that.
Your Excellency, you're naturally
wise and brilliant,
shining like the sun and the moon.
Then tell me,
compared with Gao Ran,
who is better?
I don't know the answer to this question.
Gao Ran is too boring.
He just stays in the residence every day.
When you were home,
the residence was much livelier.
So,
you're better, Your Excellency.
You know what's good for you.
Although it didn't sound like
a compliment to me.
You've grown up.
About Gao Ran and me switching identities,
has any minister found out?
The officials in the city have not.
but...
But what?
Hurry up and say it.
But after you left Ling'an,
Wei Shisan stayed
in the residence all day,
so she somewhat noticed some clues.
Shisan knows?
Then the two of them...
-As you expected.
Your Excellency.
I heard that Zheng Tao's arsenal
was completely destroyed by you.
He won't be able to cause
much of a stir, then.
Why don't we take advantage of tonight
and attack Jing City directly?
Yeah.
Right after I praised you both?
Of course not.
We must not rush this matter.
If we enter the city rashly,
it will definitely enrage Zheng Tao.
This matter requires careful planning.
But what other way is there
if we don't attack by force?
Besides,
Your Excellency,
aren't you worried about Fan Yun?
Yeah.
If we attack the city rashly,
innocent civilians
will definitely be hurt.
I won't agree to it.
I also believe that
Fan Yun understands me.
So,
you know everything about
Gao Ran's identity?
The governor is worried about your safety,
so he asked me to come back
and check on you first.
Lady Fan Yun,
I envy you.
If a man in this world
would treat me the way
the governor treats you,
I would be so perfectly content.
The governor asks you to endure
a little longer.
When he returns,
he will definitely save you first.
Saving me is secondary.
Right now, I'm worried that
if Zheng Tao
really fights Qi's Army,
the people of Jing City
will inevitably suffer.
The devastation in the city
is absolutely not
what anyone wants to see.
That is a scene no one wants to see.
But now, Jing City and Qi's Army
are at odds,
and the army is bearing down
on the border.
No matter which side strikes first,
Jing City
will inevitably witness bloodshed.
Yes.
These two sides
absolutely cannot fight.
Do you have any good ideas?
An idea...
Actually, we could use the deployment map
to sneak into Jing City first
and control their military camp.
This way,
they would lose their support.
If we then attack the city,
we can minimize casualties.
Zheng Xi,
I need you to leave the city now
to tell the governor
that he absolutely must not
force an attack on the city.
Okay.
I'll go immediately.
Wait.
Fan Yun drew this?
Yes.
It was as if it were imprinted
in her mind.
She drew it swiftly
and without hesitation.
Lady Fan Yun is truly
an extraordinary woman.
Your Excellency, you're most fortunate
to have Lady Fan Yun's assistance.
Lady Fan Yun also asked me to pass
a message to you.
Go on.
Lady Fan Yun said
you absolutely must not
force an attack on the city.
Our minds think alike.
The one who understands me
is her.
It seems that we are not the only ones
waiting to strike on the eve
of the clan leader ceremony.
Your Excellency.
You are?
No need for disguises anymore.
I, Liu Mu,
am going to fight my way back this time.
Wei Ying, Yan Jiang.
-Yes, Your Excellency.
We will lead the elite troops
to sneak in overnight.
The Zheng family's internal conflict
will surely hurt both sides.
We'll take them by surprise then.
-Yes.
Your Excellency.
What about me?
You?
You will be the main general tomorrow.
Great.
Let these opportunistic ingrates
remember me, Gate Cdr. Liu.
They've increased the guards again.
How can I get away,
sneak into the clan leader's hall,
gather news on Zheng's Army,
and pass the info
to Qi Zheng?
Second Young Master Zheng.
You're accompanying me to the
clan leader's ceremony tomorrow.
Don't drink too much tonight.
The clan leader's ceremony?
You want me to go with you?
I didn't fight for
the clan leader's position
to seize the so-called
overwhelming power.
The things they give everything
to fight for
mean nothing to me.
There are only 2 things in this world
that are most important to me.
Do you know what they are?
Grandfather and you.
So rest assured.
Since I'm taking you there,
I'll naturally make proper arrangements
and keep you safe.
Tomorrow, in front of everyone,
I will give you a new identity.
My Lady.
From now on,
no one can ever
lay a finger on you.
"My Lady"?
Second Young Master Zheng,
you might have drunk too much today.
Even if you plan to announce my identity,
it should be as Gate Cdr. Fan.
Our marriage
was just a stalling tactic
to get into the city.
I'll say it again.
Don't take it too seriously.
What if I insist on taking it seriously?
I just hope
you can stay by my side.
Stop talking nonsense.
I'll pour you a cup of tea
to sober you up.
If you really want to pour me tea,
then pour me a cup of sweet dew tea.
According to Jing City's customs,
a woman
only brews sweet dew tea
for the man she loves.
Second Young Master Zheng,
you know very well that
My heart is not with you.
♪ I could have ♪
♪ Played every trick in the book ♪
♪ But I chose painstaking devotion ♪
♪ Never caging my love ♪
♪ Even if I had to
trudge through a thousand miles ♪
♪ Henceforth, I shall wander the world,
plucking petals and holding the moon ♪
♪ Listen to the wind and admire the moon
for days on end ♪
You...
♪ Accept that I'm not your happiness ♪
♪ Let go of what's before me ♪
♪ Consider this the best ending ♪
♪ I disdain everything
in the vast universe ♪
♪ So why do I care for
a single glance from you? ♪
♪ Drinking a pot of the past ♪
♪ I toast to my withering self
as the curtains fall ♪
Tomorrow...
♪ And you don't know the reason why ♪
I will attend the ceremony.
But I won't become your lady.
♪ And you don't know the reason why ♪
I am only the Gate Commander of Jing City.
Master arrives!
The Gate Commander of Jing City arrives!
The auspicious time has come.
All things begin.
Master's ancestor worship ceremony
officially begins.
Second Young Master Zheng!
The ceremony is complete.
You're still a bad seed
who can't change your ways.
Granduncle, are you really that surprised?
Did you really think
I would just sit here and wait to die?
When it comes to the real fight,
you still rely on these wandering rogues.
Second Young Master Zheng.
Zheng Shi colluded with bandits
and betrayed his ancestors.
His crimes are unpardonable.
Execute him on the spot.
Yes. Kill!
Ready!
Load.
Fire!
Let's go.
Grandfather!
I told you before.
I can do this.
The position of clan leader
is definitely mine.
This first shot
is just a warning.
Do you want
all of us to die with you?
What are you afraid of?
You are my grandfather.
Of course I will spare your life.
Shi.
Surrender now.
Hand over the position of clan leader,
and I will leave your corpse intact.
You secretly hoarded gunpowder.
Do you want our Zheng family
to be wiped out?
Since you can hide an arsenal
outside the city,
why can't I?
A Zheng family where
I cannot be the Master
has no reason to exist.
Uncles,
will you accept me as the Master?
Good.
Third Young Master, bad news!
-What happened?
-We were ambushed.
How is that possible?
His Excellency has arrived!
Fan Yun, Gate Commander of Jing City,
shows my respect, Your Excellency.
Greetings, Your Excellency.
You may rise.
-Thank you, Your Excellency.
Your Excellency, please forgive
the Zheng family for
failing to welcome you properly.
But may I ask why
you have come to attend
our clan leader election?
Do you think
I'm not qualified to attend
the clan leader election?
The clan leader ring?
Why is it with you?
Everyone,
there is more
to Elder Zheng's death.
Elder Zheng was far-sighted.
He knew the Zheng family's chaos
would threaten the safety of Nine Cities
and implicate innocent people.
So,
he sacrificed his life to save Jing City
and gave this clan leader ring to me.
He hoped I would maintain
the peace of Nine Cities.
But now you have gone astray
and embarked on a path of no return.
Isn't this wasting
Elder Zheng's painstaking efforts?
Yes. He's right.
Your Excellency.
The Zheng family is rebelling.
They hid a batch of gunpowder
outside the city.
They hate me for supporting you
and are forcing me to rebel.
None of this is my wish.
Please reveal the truth, Your Excellency.
Zheng Xian.
Although I am the governor
of the Nine Cities,
I am just a mortal.
I cannot always see through
conspiracies and deceptions.
Occasionally, I make mistakes in judgment.
As for these nice words,
you can say as much as you like.
It is up to me to decide
whether to believe them.
Your Excellency,
you have to believe me.
You must believe me.
Hurry,
give the order now.
I will help you kill these
rebellious traitors.
Even now, you are still obstinate.
Since I could get the gunpowder
outside the city,
I naturally know who did it.
I originally thought that
after the matter in Jing City was over,
I would hold you accountable.
But I didn't expect you to be
even more ruthless than Zheng Tao
and disregard the lives of the people.
Aren't you afraid of retribution?
Retribution?
Let me tell you.
I've come this far in life,
fearing only mediocrity
and being trampled on
like dirt by others!
Guards.
Strip Zheng Xian of his official uniform,
throw him into prison,
and interrogate him strictly.
Yes.
Get lost!
Watch out, Your Excellency!
Come on!
You people
who stand above others every day.
I was only one step away
from killing all of you.
And you, Zheng Tao!
Xian...
Do you know who killed
your beloved eldest grandson?
It was me.
Since childhood,
you were loved by Grandfather.
Second Brother was loved by Granduncle.
None of you ever cared about me.
Now I will show you
how I, Zheng Xian,
will trample you all under my feet
one step at a time.
He was your eldest brother.
So what if he was?
You never truly saw me anyway.
-You've gone crazy!
-I am crazy!
I am crazy!
I am completely crazy this time.
It's because I'm crazy
that you finally looked me
in the eye today.
Today I will take you all
to hell with me.
As a noble of the Nine Cities,
you should have worked
for the welfare of the people.
Yet you end up like this
for your own selfish desires.
Everyone.